---
title: "CodeBook.md"
author: "Luka"
date: "August 23, 2015"
output: html_document
---

## Codebook for Getting and Cleaning Data Project - Wearable Computing Dataset

### Data Description
The experiments have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six activities (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist. Using its embedded accelerometer and gyroscope, we captured 3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant rate of 50Hz. The experiments have been video-recorded to label the data manually. The obtained dataset has been randomly partitioned into two sets, where 70% of the volunteers was selected for generating the training data and 30% the test data. 

The sensor signals (accelerometer and gyroscope) were pre-processed by applying noise filters and then sampled in fixed-width sliding windows of 2.56 sec and 50% overlap (128 readings/window). The sensor acceleration signal, which has gravitational and body motion components, was separated using a Butterworth low-pass filter into body acceleration and gravity. The gravitational force is assumed to have only low frequency components, therefore a filter with 0.3 Hz cutoff frequency was used. From each window, a vector of features was obtained by calculating variables from the time and frequency domain.

#### Attribute Information:

For each record in the dataset it is provided: 
- Triaxial acceleration from the accelerometer (total acceleration) and the estimated body acceleration. 
- Triaxial Angular velocity from the gyroscope. 
- A 561-feature vector with time and frequency domain variables. 
- Its activity label. 
- An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment.

#### Source
##### http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones



### Transformations on the data
1. The column names in both "test" and "train" datasets were appropriately labeled according to feature vector descriptions in "features.txt"

2. The variable "activityCode" was added to both datasets to specify activity performed in each measurement

3. The variable "subjectCode" was added to each measurement (this step needs to preceed the step with merging activity descriptions. Otherwise, "subjectCode" won't really match up with appropriate rows)

4. The appropriate "activityDesc" was added to describe each activity according to the code

5. Merged the two tidy datasets together (variables "test" and "train" into "tidyData")

6. Removed all the previously needed variables that are no longer required for analysis - the only one remaining is "tidyData"

7. Arranged "tidyData" to make it sorted in ascending order: first by "subjectCode", then by "activityCode"

8. Using "grep" function, the columns that contain "mean" or "std" are obtained and extracted for each measurement into new variable "tidyDataMeanStd". The order of columns is the same as in the original dataset

9. "tidyData" variable is not removed from workspace in case additional operations are necessary

10. "tidyDataMeanStd_Grouped" is created by grouping data by subjectCode and activityCode and averaging the measurements that were present in "tidyDataMeanStd" data set. Although column names remain the same, they now represent the mean for these measurements, with respect to a particular subject and activity


### Variables

Column Name                              | Description
---------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------
subjectCode | The code of subject who performed the activity (1-30)
activityCode | The code of the activity class (1-6)
activityDesc | Description of the activity according to code
tBodyAcc-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-correlation()-X,Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-correlation()-X,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAcc-correlation()-Y,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-correlation()-X,Y | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-correlation()-X,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAcc-correlation()-Y,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-X,Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-X,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-Y,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-correlation()-X,Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-correlation()-X,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyro-correlation()-Y,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-X,Y | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-X,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-Y,Z | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()4 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()1 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()2 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()3 | Details in features_info.txt
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()4 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()1 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()2 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()3 | Details in features_info.txt
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()4 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-maxInds-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-maxInds-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-maxInds-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-skewness()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-skewness()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-skewness()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mean()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-std()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-std()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-std()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mad()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mad()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-mad()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-max()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-max()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-max()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-min()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-min()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-min()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-energy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-energy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-energy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-iqr()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-iqr()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-iqr()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-entropy()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-entropy()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-entropy()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-maxInds-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-maxInds-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-maxInds-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-skewness()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-X | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-skewness()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-Y | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-skewness()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-Z | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48 | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-maxInds | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-skewness() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyAccMag-kurtosis() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-maxInds | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-skewness() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-kurtosis() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-maxInds | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-skewness() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroMag-kurtosis() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mad() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-max() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-min() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-sma() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-energy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-iqr() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-entropy() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-maxInds | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-skewness() | Details in features_info.txt
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-kurtosis() | Details in features_info.txt
angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity) | Details in features_info.txt
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean) | Details in features_info.txt
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean) | Details in features_info.txt
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean) | Details in features_info.txt
angle(X,gravityMean) | Details in features_info.txt
angle(Y,gravityMean) | Details in features_info.txt
angle(Z,gravityMean) | Details in features_info.txt